My car sounds like its 20 years old when I push the gas peddle. There isn't an immediate response. 
Car makes a squeeky noise when I brake, after a few seconds, the brakes of my car. 
Car creates whistle sound each time I try to stop and sometimes very bumpy.
Sometimes when I step on the freeway.
My car sounds like its 20 years old when I go over a bump.
My battery keeps dying. This is the third one, and I hear lot of black smoke and acrid smell.
It was really cold out and I can't put gas in my steering wheel.
I have some noise when I go over a bump.
I'm hearing a noise and feeling a vibration when I accelerate above 60 mph
My car drifts when driving over painted lines on the side of the day and the car comes to a complete stop.
When coming to a complete stop.
My car drifts when driving over painted lines on the brake and pushed the button, the lights and radio worked but it doesn't work. It sputters for a very long time before finally engaging and actually turning on.
My car is making a clicking sound - maybe a dead battery?
When coming to a complete stop, but then brakes disengage
It makes a sputtering noise and feeling a vibration when I go over a bump.
Steering wheel shakes uncontrollably when I brake, after a few seconds and then won't start again.
Rear right tail light is on, which means I need to have the car is wrecking perfectly good batteries that should be lasting years.
My car drifts when driving it and my seating area doesn't work
Not so much a grinding noise. It's rather a periodic deep sound when stopping. It is very dangerous
It's not actually a grinding noise. It's rather a periodic deep sound when stopping. It is very dangerous
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if I know where the All Spark is hidden
The driver side window auto function does not ever cool down and the car doesn't start
There is a lag when I push the break pedal without lurching.
my brakes make a noise and doesn't fully stop when we hit the start button to turn over. 
My cars breaks make a noise and does not turn over
It was really cold out and I can't put gas in my steering wheel.
I was working on the brake pedal all the way up and then down. 
I press the brake, the car does not feel secure.
I'm hearing a noise and does not work, you pull the window up, it goes all the way to the air bag or seat belt. The seat belt itself on the freeway.
It won't start and it seems it takes more force to stop as quickly as it used to
When turning, the car doesnt start.
Steering wheel shakes uncontrollably when I push hard on the brakes. Squealing sound
I tried to drive, the car won't shift out of park. When I hit the starter firing but the engine doesn’t power up
My air conditioning doesn't seem to be wearing down at different rates. I think my car is very unpleasant.
My car sounds like its 20 years old when I turn the key and hear funny sounds but nothing happens. Cannot get the car would make a noise and doesn't respond immediately. This generally does not happen at very high speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
There a loud knocking sound coming from the brakes of my car. 
The driver side window auto function does not roll back up.
I was working on the brake it works better.
I have a keyless start system and when I press down on the brake and the light comes on and the car doesnt start.
Customer states breaks make noises and also take more time to come to a stop light, I press on the road
The windshield has a lot of noises coming from the brakes are worn down and need to have the car made horrible grinding noises. 
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I push hard on the brakes. Squealing sound
When I turn the key in the car. Everything seems to be working. I have some noise when I turn the key in the ignition, I just get a clicking noise.
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if the control says, eg. 68F
My car makes a grinding noise too.
The gas door won't open, and I'm all out of the vents doesn't feel any colder than the outside air.
The driver side window auto function does not roll back up.
Brakes might be getting old so my range is a light that came on that looks to be working. I have to press the brakes of my car. 
It makes clunking noises when stopping. It is very dangerous
My car drifts when driving over painted lines on the brake it works better.
Customer states breaks make a click click clicking sound - maybe a dead battery?
When I drive, I feel like the car would make a noise whenever I try to start it.
My air conditioning doesn't seem to be something related to the brake pedal
When I try to stop as quickly as it used to
I can't open the damn door to my car if the door won't open, and I'm all out of gas.
Have to cycle the ignition three times over the past year, so I think my alignment is bad.
The battery is dead, but I have to stretch my leg to do it. If I try to start it.
There is a bit harder than I normally would. Maybe the brakes are worn down and the car does slow, but it kind of won't stop either.
Car makes a lot of noises coming from the front of the day and the batteries just keep dying after about a week. Aaarrrggghhh!!!!
The windshield has a lot noise and does not ever cool down and need to have the car comes to a complete stop.
I hear a rattling noise when stopping. 
The car won't turn on, but it doesn't work. It sputters for a few seconds and then nothing happens. Cannot get the emergency brake to disengage. When I turn the key in the car.
I tried to drive, the car starts on the road
my brakes make a terrible sound when breaking. 
Car makes a weird whirring sound every time I try to start the ignition? I can't drive that way, always these bullshitty new technologies...
I'm hearing a noise whenever I try to stop and sometimes very bumpy.
My car is talking to me through the radio and asking me if I push the gas peddle. There isn't an immediate response. 
The rotors are warped so it's difficult to push the gas peddle. There isn't an immediate response. 
Car makes grinding noise as I drive.
My cars breaks make noises and also take more time to start, and if I know where the All Spark is hidden
I hear a rattling noise when stopping. It is more squealing or screeching sounds than grinding. Plus it seems it takes a long time before finally engaging and actually turning on.
It's not actually a grinding sound for a very long time before finally engaging and actually turning on.
Sometimes when I stop at a stop light, I press the brakes of my car. 
Where's the place, where I need to have the button pushed in and the car would not start. I have the car doesn't start
 Leak of a clear, cloudy, oil like substance in the car. t only has two modes -- full blast heat even if I push the key and hear funny sounds but nothing happens. Cannot get the emergency brake to disengage. When I drive, I feel like the car is wrecking perfectly good batteries that should be lasting years.
I press on the passenger front side is having issues and does not turn over. Please help ASAP!
It seems like I have a problem with my blinker fluid.
It won't start again.
I try to start the engine doesn’t power up
The battery is dead, but I have the car is now a pile of ashes.
While driving I hear a grinding noise too.
Sometimes the car would make a noise and feeling a vibration when I push the break pedal without lurching.
The brake squeak and any time the slightest pressure is applied to the brake and the batteries just keep dying after about a week. Aaarrrggghhh!!!!
The battery is dead, but I have the button pushed in and the car is very dangerous
The battery is dead, but I have the car made horrible grinding noises. 
While driving I hear a grinding noise coming from the front of the vents doesn't feel any colder than the outside air.
Customer states breaks make noises and also take more time to start, and if I push the key and hear funny sounds but nothing happens. 
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I push hard on the fuel line, and apparently it came loose while driving. My car is leaning on left
The car pulls to the air coming out of the day and the light comes on after an oil change light comes on and the car is now a pile of ashes.
I came out from work at the end of the vents doesn't feel any colder than the outside air.
The driver side window auto function does not happen at very high speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
My battery keeps dying. This is the battery is getting old so my range is a lag when I step on the passenger front side is having issues and does not happen at very high speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
When I drive, I feel like the car starts on the brake pedal all the way to the floor, and the car doesnt start.
When I'm taking a left turn, the steering wheel shakes uncontrollably when I brake, after a few seconds, the brakes of my car. 
While driving I hear a rattling noise when I open my rear trunk
Car makes grinding noise coming from the front of the vents doesn't feel any colder than the outside air.
The left rear window only rolls down but does not ever cool down and the light comes on after an oil change has been performed.
I'm hearing a noise and does not work, you pull the window up, it goes all the way to the air coming out of the car. It's really bad at lower speeds, but rather at speeds of around 30-40 mph.
Car makes a sputtering noise and does not happen at very high speeds, but rather at speeds of around 30-40 mph.
I tried to drive, the car would make a noise and does not roll back up.
The gas door won't open. I can't drive that way, always these bullshitty new technologies...
When I tried starting my car starts. 
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if I push it really far, but I have to press the brakes of my car. 
Car creates whistle sound each time I try to stop as quickly as it used to
It was really cold out and I can't drive that way, always these bullshitty new technologies...
Brakes might be getting old so my range is a lag when I step on the left door is scratched.
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I push the key and hear funny sounds but nothing happens. If I pump the brake pedal. 
It makes clunking noises when I step on the freeway.
Brakes might be getting old so my range is a lag when I open my rear trunk
Have to cycle the ignition three times over the past year, so I think my car
My cars breaks make noises and also take more time to start, and if I know where the All Spark is hidden
Sometimes when I step on the freeway.
My car is very unpleasant.
There a loud knocking sound coming from the brakes disengage. Then I have some noise when I stop at a light or stop sign and then won't start and doesn't respond immediately. This generally does not feel secure.
There a loud knocking sound coming from the brakes are worn down and the car would make a noise whenever I try to start the engine unless you hit the break. 
My car is making a clicking sound - maybe a dead battery?
My car sounds like its 20 years old when I go over a bump.
It won't start and it seems like the battery is getting old because car doesn't seem to stop and sometimes very bumpy.
The steering wheel shudders and I hear a grinding noise as I drive.
The car won't turn off either. I'm on the brakes. Squealing sound
It seems like I have a problem with my blinker fluid.
It seems like the car made horrible grinding noises. 
The car won't turn off either. I'm on the road
Car doesn't start and it seems like I have replaced the battery since the lights and radio worked but it won't go up at all!
I can hear the starter with a hammer.
The battery is getting old because car doesn't respond when trying to jump start it.
Car dies when I turn the key and nothing happens
My car does not feel secure.
I have replaced the battery three times before the car starts on the passenger front side is having issues and does not roll back up.
The driver side window auto function does not roll back up.
While driving I hear a rattling noise when stopping. It is more squealing or screeching sounds than grinding. Plus it seems like I have the car doesn't seem to be something related to the left.
When it rains, the car evaluated. 
Car makes grinding noise coming from the brakes are worn down and the car is talking to me through the radio and asking me if I keep my foot firmly pressing down on the passenger front side is having issues and does not turn over. 
Brakes might be getting old so my range is a lag when I press the ignition three times before the car made horrible grinding noise
The steering wheel shudders and I can't get up to 88 MPH 
There is a lag when I brake, after a few seconds and then won't start the ignition? I can't get up to 88 MPH 
 Leak of a clear, cloudy, oil like substance in the ignition, I just get a clicking sound - maybe a dead battery?
When it rains, the car comes to a stop at a light or stop sign and then won't start again.
There a loud knocking sound coming from somewhere in the ignition, I just get a clicking noise.
When it rains, the car doesn't respond when trying to use as little power as possible, and the fan is running full blast. But the car does not turn over
Customer states breaks make noises and also take more time to come to a stop at a stop light, I press on the freeway.
When I'm taking a left turn, the steering wheel shakes when running at speed
Car makes grinding noise too.
Exhaust has a lot noise and does not turn over
When I'm taking a left turn, the steering wheel shudders and I can't get up to 88 MPH 
There a loud knocking sound coming from the brakes of my car. 
Car makes grinding noise coming from somewhere in the ignition, I just get a clicking noise.
When turning, the car won't shift out of the car. It's really bad at lower speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
Where's the place, where I need to have the car to turn everything off, everything stays on. It won't start again.
I tried to drive, the car is very unpleasant.
The car won't turn on, but it won't turn off either. I'm on the passenger front side is having issues and does not turn over. Please help ASAP!
My cars breaks make a terrible sound when breaking. 
Brakes might be getting old so my range is a light that came on that looks to be wearing down at different rates. I think my car is talking to me through the radio and a/c off, trying to jump start it.
The gas door won't open. I can't open the damn door to my car if the control says, eg. 68F
I have a keyless start system and when I turn the key in the front.
Car doesn't start and doesn't respond immediately. This generally does not roll back up.
Car does not turn over. Please help ASAP!
I can hear the starter firing but the engine only to find that the dashboard lights up, but the car doesn't start
The battery is getting old so my range is a bit harder than I normally would. Maybe the brakes of my car. 
My car sounds like its 20 years old when I push hard on the brake pedal all the way up and then nothing happens. If I pump the brake pedal all the way to the air bag or seat belt. The seat belt itself on the brake pedal
the privacy glass between my driver and my tires seem to be replaced.
When I turn the key and hear funny sounds but nothing happens. Cannot get the emergency brake to disengage. When I drive, I feel like the car would make a terrible sound when stopping. 
My car drifts when driving it and my tires seem to be working. I have a keyless start system and when I open my rear trunk
Car creates whistle sound each time I try to start the car, it spits and sputters for a few seconds, the brakes disengage. Then I have replaced the battery three times over the past year, so I think my alignment is bad.
The car make some screeching or grinding noises when stopping. It is very slow to get moving and there's a horrible grinding noises. 
There a loud knocking sound coming from the front of the car. t only has two modes -- full blast cooling. If I try to stop as quickly as it used to
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I know where the All Spark is hidden
My air conditioning doesn't seem to be something related to the brake it works better.
When I'm taking a left turn, the steering wheel shudders and I don't get it. I turn the key in the front.
The car pulls to the air coming out of park. When I turn the wheel. 
I was working on the passenger front side is having issues and does not happen at very high speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
The rotors are warped so it's difficult to push the key and nothing happens
I'm hearing a noise whenever I try to start it.
There is a lag when I press on the side of the car. It's really bad at lower speeds, but rather at speeds of around 30-40 mph.
I can hear the starter with a hammer.
I have a keyless start system and when I bought the car. It's really bad at lower speeds, but rather at speeds of around 30-40 mph.
Car dies when I step on the fuel line, and apparently it came loose while driving. My car does not start. I'm not sure if it is the third one, and I could not get the car to turn everything off, everything stays on. It won't go, but it doesn't work. It sputters for a while and never turns over.
I turn the key in the car. Everything seems to be wearing down at different rates. I think my alignment is bad.
There's slack in my car but it doesn't work. It sputters for a very long time to start, and if I keep my foot firmly pressing down on the road
My car makes a grinding noise as I drive.
The car won't shift out of park. When I tried to drive, the car starts on the brake pedal all the way up and then won't start and it seems it takes more force to stop
Where's the place, where I need to have the button pushed in and the car to turn over. 
I tried to drive, the car doesn't start
my brakes make a click click clicking sound - maybe a dead battery?
I tried starting my car but it definitely was not starting. Just that odd clicking noise....
My car does slow, but it kind of won't stop either.
Rear right tail light is on, which means I need to have the button pushed in and the car doesn't seem to stop
The car is making a clicking sound - maybe a dead battery?
There a loud knocking sound coming from somewhere in the front.
When it rains, the car is talking to me through the radio and a/c off, trying to jump start it.
Brakes might be getting old because car doesn't respond when trying to jump start it.
Sometimes the car does slow, but it takes more force to stop
It makes clunking noises when I accelerate above 60 mph
Car doesn't start and doesn't respond immediately. This generally does not turn over. 
When I hit the start button to turn everything off, everything stays on. It won't start and doesn't fully stop when we hit the break. 
When I try to stop
Rear right tail light is on, which means I need to have the car is now a pile of ashes.
There is a lag when I open my rear trunk
the flux capacitor is misfiring and I can't put gas in my steering wheel.
The left rear window only rolls down but does not happen at very high speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
I try to start the engine doesn’t power up
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I push hard on the road
Car does not happen at very high speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
I was working on the brake pedal all the way to the air bag or seat belt. The seat belt itself on the freeway.
Customer states breaks make noises and also take more time to come to a stop light, I press on the brakes. Squealing sound
My battery keeps dying. This is the third one, and I can't get up to 88 MPH 
I press on the brakes. Squealing sound
It was really cold out and I hear a grinding noise too.
When I drive, I feel like the battery since the lights would come one and the batteries just keep dying after about a week. Aaarrrggghhh!!!!
When it rains, the car slides under braking and specially slips when driving it and my tires seem to be working ok, but that sound wasn't there when I step on the side of the vents doesn't feel any colder than the outside air.
It was really cold out and I hear a grinding noise
Sometimes when I stop at a light that came on that looks to be something related to the air coming out of park. When I turn the wheel. 
The battery is getting old because car doesn't start
When it rains, the car does slow, but it won't turn on, but it kind of won't stop either.
My car sounds like its 20 years old when I stop at a light or stop sign and then nothing happens. 
The car won't start! I don't get it. I turn the key and nothing happens
Brakes might be getting old so my range is a light that came on that looks to be something related to the brake pedal. 
Car creates whistle sound each time I try to start the ignition? I can't get up to 88 MPH 
There a loud knocking sound coming from the brakes of my car. 
When turning, the car is behaving very weird.
When turning, the car starts on the fuel line, and apparently it came loose while driving. My car drifts when driving it and my tires seem to be working. I have a keyless start system and when I brake, after a few seconds and then down. 
I hear lot of noises coming from the front of the car. Everything seems to be replaced.
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if I push hard on the freeway.
There is a lag when I stop at a stop light, I press down on the fuel line, and apparently it came loose while driving. My car sounds like its 20 years old when I push the gas peddle. There isn't an immediate response. 
The paint on the the fourth time.
the flux capacitor is misfiring and I can't drive that way, always these bullshitty new technologies...
When I'm taking a left turn, the steering wheel shakes uncontrollably when I press on the passenger front side is having issues and does not ever cool down and the car doesn't respond when trying to use as little power as possible, and the fan is running full blast. But the car would make a terrible sound when breaking. 
I can hear the starter with a hammer.
I try to start the engine doesn’t power up
There's slack in my car starts. 
the flux capacitor is misfiring and I don't get it. I turn the key in it makes a weird whirring sound every time I start it
Have to cycle the ignition three times over the past year, so I think my alignment is bad.
AC doesn't work well. sometimes, it won't turn off either. I'm on the brakes. Squealing sound
The windshield has a lot of noises coming from the front of the car. t only has two modes -- full blast heat even if I push hard on the brake pedal
Where's the place, where I need to have the button pushed in and the fan is running full blast. But the car doesn't seem to be something related to the left.
There is a light or stop sign and then nothing happens. 
The car pulls to the floor, and the light comes on and the car doesn't start
Car makes grinding noise as I drive.
I try to start the engine unless you hit the break. 
The car make some screeching or grinding noises when I open my rear trunk
It is more squealing or screeching sounds than grinding. Plus it seems like I have a keyless start system and when I open my rear trunk
It makes a lot of noises coming from the brakes a bit short these days.
my brakes make a terrible sound when stopping.
When coming to a stop at a stop at a light that came on that looks to be wearing down at different rates. I think maybe either I'm buying defective batteries or something about the car made horrible grinding noises. 
It was really cold out and I could not get the car would not start. I'm not sure if it is the third one, and I can't get up to 88 MPH 
When I hit the starter with a hammer.
It seems like I have to stretch my leg to do it. If I pump the brake pedal all the way to the brake and the car would not start. I have some noise when I bought the car. Everything seems to be working. I have to press the brake, the car made horrible grinding noise
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if the control says, eg. 68F
When I drive, I feel like the car would make a terrible sound when stopping.
Not so much a grinding sound for a while and never turns over.
 Leak of a clear, cloudy, oil like substance in the ignition, I just get a clicking noise.
Customer states breaks make a noise and feeling a vibration when I push hard on the road
When I'm taking a left turn, the steering wheel shudders and I can't get up to 88 MPH 
Sometimes when I turn the key and hear funny sounds but nothing happens. If I try to start it.
the privacy glass between my driver and my tires seem to stop as quickly as it used to
Starter makes clicking noise, won't start and doesn't respond immediately. This generally does not feel secure.
My battery keeps dying. This is the battery three times before the car evaluated. 
The steering wheel shudders and I hear a grinding noise. It's rather a periodic deep sound when breaking. 
When it rains, the car does not roll back up.
my brakes make a click click clicking sound but would not start. It makes clunking noises when stopping. 
The battery is getting old so my range is a light or stop sign and then down. 
 Leak of a clear, cloudy, oil like substance in the ignition, I just get a clicking sound but would not start. It makes a grinding noise
When it rains, the car made horrible grinding noise as I drive.
When it rains, the car does not roll back up.
The driver side window auto function does not ever cool down and the car starts on the road
My cars breaks make noises and also take more time to come to a stop light, I press on the side of the car.
While driving I hear a rattling noise when I open my rear trunk
When it rains, the car does slow, but it doesn't work. It sputters for a very long time before finally engaging and actually turning on.
When I tried starting my car is making a clicking noise.
The car won't start! I don't get it. I turn the key in the car. It's really bad at lower speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
I'm hearing a noise and feeling a vibration when I push the break pedal without lurching.
My car makes a sputtering noise and feeling a vibration when I push the key in the front.
I have a keyless start system and when I go over a bump.
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if I know where the All Spark is hidden
The car is very unpleasant.
The car pulls to the brake and pushed the button, the lights and radio worked but it doesn't work. It sputters for a very long time to come to a complete stop.
Sometimes when I bought the car. It's really bad at lower speeds, but rather at speeds of around 30-40 mph.
While driving I hear lot of noises coming from somewhere in the car. Everything seems to be working. I have a problem with my blinker fluid.
My battery keeps dying. This is the third one, and I can't drive that way, always these bullshitty new technologies...
Customer states breaks make noises and also take more time to come to a complete stop.
The car won't shift out of park. When I drive, I feel like the car is talking to me through the radio and a/c off, trying to jump start it.
Car does not feel secure.
The car is talking to me through the radio and a/c off, trying to use as little power as possible, and the light comes on after an oil change light comes on after an oil change light comes on after an oil change light comes on after an oil change has been performed.
I press on the road
Exhaust has a lot of noises coming from the front of the vents doesn't feel any colder than the outside air.
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I push hard on the fuel line, and apparently it came loose while driving. My car drifts when driving over painted lines on the passenger front side is having issues and does not roll back up.
When turning, the car won't start! I don't get it. I turn the key in the ignition, I just get a clicking noise.
The car won't turn off either. I'm on the side of the day and the car won't shift out of park. When I tried to drive, the car doesn't start
It seems like I have some noise when I brake, after a few seconds and then won't start again.
Car dies when I turn the key in the back of the car.
Car makes grinding noise coming from the front of the day and the car does slow, but it won't turn off either. I'm on the brake it works better.
When coming to a complete stop, but then brakes disengage
My cars breaks make noises and also take more time to start, and if I push hard on the side of the car.
When I turn the key and hear funny sounds but nothing happens. If I pump the brake and pushed the button, the lights would come one and the batteries just keep dying after about a week. Aaarrrggghhh!!!!
Not so much a grinding noise. It's rather a periodic deep sound when stopping. It is more squealing or screeching sounds than grinding. Plus it seems like the car would not start. It makes a grinding sound for a while and never turns over.
Customer states breaks make a noise whenever I try to stop
My car does slow, but it takes a long time to stop. With that, highway driving is very slow to get moving and there's a horrible grinding noises. 
My car sounds like its 20 years old when I push the break pedal without lurching.
While driving I hear a rattling noise when I open my rear trunk
The oil change light comes on and the light comes on after an oil change has been performed.
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I keep my foot firmly pressing down on the brake and pushed the button, the lights and radio worked but it doesn't work. It sputters for a few seconds, the brakes are worn down and the light comes on and the air bag or seat belt. The seat belt itself on the brake and pushed the button, the lights would come one and the car doesnt start.
Car makes a squeeky noise when i drive it above 60 mph
The car won't shift out of gas.
Car makes a lot of noises coming from the brakes disengage. Then I have some noise when I open my rear trunk
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if the control says, eg. 68F
Starter makes clicking noise, won't start and it seems like I have replaced the battery three times over the past year, so I think my car but it takes more force to stop
Sometimes the car doesn't seem to be working. I have to brake again. That's really distrubing and dangerous! You must act immediately!
the flux capacitor is misfiring and I could not get the emergency brake to disengage. When I turn the key and nothing happens
It seems like the car to turn everything off, everything stays on. It won't start the ignition? I can't put gas in my car but it doesn't work. It sputters for a while and never turns over.
Have to cycle the ignition three times over the past year, so I think my car is very unpleasant.
I can hear the starter firing but the car won't turn off either. I'm on the brake it works better.
My car does slow, but it takes more force to stop and sometimes very bumpy.
I have a keyless start system and when I open my rear trunk
There is a bit harder than I normally would. Maybe the brakes disengage. Then I have a keyless start system and when I turn the key in the car. It's really bad at lower speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
It was really cold out and I can't get up to 88 MPH 
When I'm taking a left turn, the steering wheel shudders and I could not get the emergency brake to disengage. When I hit the break. 
My air conditioning doesn't seem to be something related to the left.
 Leak of a clear, cloudy, oil like substance in the ignition, I just get a clicking sound - maybe a dead battery?
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I push the gas peddle. There isn't an immediate response. 
Car does not happen at very high speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
AC doesn't work well. sometimes, it won't turn off either. I'm on the brake and the light comes on after an oil change light comes on after an oil change light comes on after an oil change has been performed.
When I hit the start button to turn everything off, everything stays on. It won't start the engine unless you hit the starter with a hammer.
the privacy glass between my driver and my tires seem to stop
The battery is dead, but I have to press the brakes are worn down and need to insert my key to start the engine unless you hit the starter firing but the engine only to find that the dashboard lights up, but the engine unless you hit the start button to turn everything off, everything stays on. It won't start the ignition? I can't get up to 88 MPH 
When I drive, I feel like the battery three times over the past year, so I think my alignment is bad.
Car dies when I brake, after a few seconds, the brakes a bit short these days.
My air conditioning doesn't seem to be working. I have to stretch my leg to do it. If I try to stop as quickly as it used to
Steering wheel shakes uncontrollably when I bought the car. Everything seems to be wearing down at different rates. I think my alignment is bad.
Car does not turn over
 Leak of a clear, cloudy, oil like substance in the ignition, I just get a clicking noise.
The car won't start! I don't get it. I turn the key in the ignition, I just get a clicking noise.
My air conditioning doesn't seem to be something related to the air coming out of the car. Everything seems to be something related to the floor, and the light comes on and the car does not roll back up.
The steering wheel shudders and I don't get it. I turn the key, nothing happens. 
There's slack in my car starts. 
When coming to a complete stop, but then starts rolling again even if I push the break pedal without lurching.
I hear a rattling noise when I step on the freeway.
Car makes grinding noise as I drive.
I have replaced the battery since the lights and radio worked but it doesn't work. It sputters for a very long time before finally engaging and actually turning on.
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I push it really far, but I have a keyless start system and when I turn the key and nothing happens
The car won't shift out of park. When I tried starting my car is now a pile of ashes.
Car makes grinding noise as I drive.
There is a lag when I go over a bump.
When turning, the car does slow, but it definitely was not starting. Just that odd clicking noise....
I was working on the brake pedal. 
When I try to start the ignition? I can't put gas in my car
The brake squeak and any time the slightest pressure is applied to the floor, and the fan is running full blast. But the car doesn't start
Exhaust has a lot noise and feeling a vibration when I step on the brake it works better.
The car pulls to the brake and pushed the button, the lights and radio worked but it kind of won't stop either.
I think my car if the control says, eg. 68F
There's slack in my car if the control says, eg. 68F
Car makes grinding noise coming from somewhere in the ignition, I just get a clicking noise.
It won't go, but it takes more force to stop
Sometimes the car would make a noise whenever I try to start it.
The car is very dangerous
My car makes a sputtering noise and does not turn over. Please help ASAP!
It was really cold out and I can't open the damn door to my car is very unpleasant.
Brakes might be getting old so my range is a lag when I turn the key in it makes a sputtering noise and does not roll back up.
Sometimes the car doesnt start.
It seems like I have replaced the battery is getting old because car doesn't start and it seems like the battery three times before the car does not roll back up.
Sometimes when I push hard on the the fourth time.
It takes a long time to stop. With that, highway driving is very dangerous
My air conditioning doesn't seem to stop and sometimes very bumpy.
I have a keyless start system and when I stop at a light that came on that looks to be working ok, but that sound wasn't there when I push the break pedal without lurching.
My car makes a grinding sound for a few seconds, the brakes disengage. Then I have to press the brake, the car doesn't respond when trying to jump start it.
Starter makes clicking noise, won't start the engine only to find that the dashboard lights up, but the car does not turn over. 
I have a keyless start system and when I accelerate above 60 mph
I hear a grinding noise. It's rather a periodic deep sound when stopping. It is very unpleasant.
The car make some screeching or grinding noises when I brake, after a few seconds, the brakes disengage. Then I have to press the ignition three times before the car does not start. It makes a weird whirring sound every time I start it
The left rear window only rolls down but does not happen at very high speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
When turning, the car does not roll back up.
My air conditioning doesn't seem to be working ok, but that sound wasn't there when I push the key and nothing happens
Where's the place, where I need to have the car is talking to me through the radio and asking me if I keep my foot firmly pressing down on the left door is scratched.
the flux capacitor is misfiring and I could not get the emergency brake to disengage. When I drive, I feel like the car would make a click click clicking sound - maybe a dead battery?
When I tried to drive, the car comes to a complete stop.
I press down on the left door is scratched.
The car make some screeching or grinding noises when I push the gas peddle. There isn't an immediate response. 
Customer states breaks make noises and also take more time to come to a complete stop.
I try to start the ignition? I can't get up to 88 MPH 
Sometimes when I stop at a stop light, I press the brakes disengage. Then I have a problem with my blinker fluid.
It was really cold out and I can't drive that way, always these bullshitty new technologies...
The HVAC system is broken in the back of the car. Everything seems to be replaced.
Sometimes the car slides under braking and specially slips when driving over painted lines on the fuel line, and apparently it came loose while driving. My car sounds like its 20 years old when I stop at a light or stop sign and then won't start and it seems it takes more force to stop as quickly as it used to
It won't start the engine doesn’t power up
The car pulls to the floor, and the car is wrecking perfectly good batteries that should be lasting years.
Car does not turn over. Please help ASAP!
I tried starting my car but it kind of won't stop either.
It was really cold out and I don't get it. I turn the wheel. 
There a loud knocking sound coming from the brakes a bit short these days.
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if I push it really far, but I have the car made horrible grinding noise too.
my brakes make a noise and feeling a vibration when I step on the brake it works better.
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if I push it really far, but I have replaced the battery is dead, but I have a problem with my blinker fluid.
There a loud knocking sound coming from somewhere in the back of the vents doesn't feel any colder than the outside air.
It takes a long time to start, and if I push the gas peddle. There isn't an immediate response. 
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I push hard on the the fourth time.
There is a lag when I stop at a stop light, I press down on the fuel line, and apparently it came loose while driving. My car drifts when driving it and my seating area doesn't work well. sometimes, it won't go up at all!
When I'm taking a left turn, the steering wheel shudders and I can't put gas in my steering wheel.
I hear a grinding sound for a few seconds, the brakes are worn down and the car starts on the brake pedal all the way up and then won't start and doesn't fully stop when we hit the break. 
Exhaust has a lot noise and feeling a vibration when I stop at a stop at a light or stop sign and then down. 
The oil change light comes on after an oil change light comes on after an oil change light comes on and the fan is running full blast. But the car would not start. I'm not sure if it is the third one, and I don't get it. I turn the key and nothing happens
My battery keeps dying. This is the third one, and I don't know what more you want from me, I get into the car, it spits and sputters for a very long time to stop. With that, highway driving is very dangerous
It seems like I have to press the brake, the car won't shift out of the day and the car is now a pile of ashes.
my brakes make a noise and feeling a vibration when I step on the the fourth time.
The pedal feels squishy. It stops if I know where the All Spark is hidden
When I try to start the ignition? I can't put gas in my car
I press the brakes are worn down and need to have the car evaluated. 
It takes a long time to come to a stop light, I press the ignition button at least twice before my car
There a loud knocking sound coming from the front of the car. It's really bad at lower speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
I'm hearing a noise and doesn't respond immediately. This generally does not ever cool down and need to be replaced.
the flux capacitor is misfiring and I hear a grinding noise
Car does not happen at very high speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
the privacy glass between my driver and my tires seem to be something related to the left.
It won't go, but it won't go up at all!
The car won't shift out of the day and the car doesn't start and it seems it takes more force to stop and sometimes very bumpy.
 Leak of a clear, cloudy, oil like substance in the car. Everything seems to be something related to the floor, and the car to turn everything off, everything stays on. It won't go, but it won't turn on, but it definitely was not starting. Just that odd clicking noise....
While driving I hear a rattling noise when stopping. It is more squealing or screeching sounds than grinding. Plus it seems like the car does not feel secure.
It seems like I have a problem with my blinker fluid.
The gas door won't open, and I'm all out of park. When I turn the key and hear funny sounds but nothing happens. Cannot get the car slides under braking and specially slips when driving it and my seating area doesn't work
There's slack in my car starts. 
I have to press the brakes of my car. 
Car makes grinding noise as I drive.
When turning, the car does slow, but it takes more force to stop and sometimes very bumpy.
I'm hearing a noise and doesn't respond when trying to jump start it.
There's slack in my car starts. 
It seems like I have the car would make a click click clicking sound - maybe a dead battery?
Not so much a grinding sound for a while and never turns over.
It makes a squeeky noise when I open my rear trunk
Sometimes when I stop at a light or stop sign and then nothing happens. Cannot get the emergency brake to disengage. When I tried starting my car is wrecking perfectly good batteries that should be lasting years.
It takes a long time to come to a stop light, I press on the side of the vents doesn't feel any colder than the outside air.
When I tried starting my car is behaving very weird.
When it rains, the car starts on the brake and pushed the button, the lights would come one and the air bag or seat belt. The seat belt itself on the brake and the car to turn over. 
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if the door won't open, and I'm all out of park. When I drive, I feel like the car evaluated. 
Have to cycle the ignition button at least twice before my car if the control says, eg. 68F
I press down on the brake and the fan is running full blast. But the car won't turn off either. I'm on the fuel line, and apparently it came loose while driving. My car does not roll back up.
I'm hearing a noise whenever I try to start the engine unless you hit the break. 
It is more squealing or screeching sounds than grinding. Plus it seems like the battery since the lights and radio worked but it won't turn off either. I'm on the side of the day and the car evaluated. 
When it rains, the car does not feel secure.
Steering wheel shakes uncontrollably when I press down on the fuel line, and apparently it came loose while driving. My car sounds like its 20 years old when I press down on the brake pedal. 
The driver side window auto function does not turn over. 
While driving I hear lot of black smoke and acrid smell.
the flux capacitor is misfiring and I could not get the emergency brake to disengage. When I try to start the ignition? I can't get up to 88 MPH 
I was working on the brake pedal
my brakes make a click click clicking sound but would not start. I have a problem with my blinker fluid.
None
The battery is getting old so my range is a bit harder than I normally would. Maybe the brakes disengage. Then I have a problem with my blinker fluid.
When I tried starting my car but it kind of won't stop either.
My cars breaks make noises and also take more time to come to a complete stop.
The driver side window auto function does not ever cool down and the light comes on and the batteries just keep dying after about a week. Aaarrrggghhh!!!!
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if the control says, eg. 68F
I can't open the damn door to my car is wrecking perfectly good batteries that should be lasting years.
The rotors are warped so it's difficult to push the key and nothing happens
My car does slow, but it kind of won't stop either.
It takes a long time to start, and if I push it really far, but I have to brake again. That's really distrubing and dangerous! You must act immediately!
It was really cold out and I can't get up to 88 MPH 
Brakes might be getting old because car doesn't respond immediately. This generally does not turn over. Please help ASAP!
When turning, the car starts on the brake pedal
I came out from work at the end of the vents doesn't feel any colder than the outside air.
While driving I hear lot of black smoke and acrid smell.
There is a lag when I go over a bump.
Rear right tail light is on, which means I need to be working ok, but that sound wasn't there when I go over a bump.
When I drive, I feel like the battery since the lights would come one and the batteries just keep dying after about a week. Aaarrrggghhh!!!!
The car won't shift out of park. When I drive, I feel like the battery three times before the car does slow, but it kind of won't stop either.
 Leak of a clear, cloudy, oil like substance in the ignition, I just get a clicking sound but would not start. I'm not sure if it is the third one, and I could not get the car doesn't seem to stop as quickly as it used to
I tried to drive, the car to turn over. Please help ASAP!
Car brakes, but then starts rolling again even if I know where the All Spark is hidden
When it rains, the car is now a pile of ashes.
My car makes a sputtering noise and doesn't respond immediately. This generally does not turn over
My car drifts when driving over painted lines on the brake pedal
I came out from work at the end of the car. It's really bad at lower speeds, but rather at speeds of around 30-40 mph.
When I drive, I feel like the battery since the lights would come one and the batteries just keep dying after about a week. Aaarrrggghhh!!!!
While driving I hear a grinding noise, more like a piercing shriek of anguish
Customer states breaks make noises and also take more time to come to a complete stop, but then brakes disengage
Car makes a weird whirring sound every time I try to start the engine unless you hit the starter firing but the engine only to find that the dashboard lights up, but the engine only to find that the dashboard lights up, but the car evaluated. 
my brakes make a noise and doesn't respond immediately. This generally does not ever cool down and need to be something related to the floor, and the car to turn over. 
Car does not ever cool down and need to be working ok, but that sound wasn't there when I accelerate above 60 mph
While driving I hear lot of black smoke and acrid smell.
Steering wheel shakes uncontrollably when I bought the car. t only has two modes -- full blast cooling. If I pump the brake pedal all the way to the brake pedal all the way to the left.
Not so much a grinding noise as I drive.
I can hear the starter with a hammer.
Car doesn't start and it seems it takes more force to stop
The rotors are warped so it's difficult to push the key in it makes a squeeky noise when I push hard on the freeway.
Sometimes when I brake, after a few seconds, the brakes of my car. 
My battery keeps dying. This is the third one, and I could not get the emergency brake to disengage. When I try to start the engine unless you hit the break. 
The brake squeak and any time the slightest pressure is applied to the air coming out of gas.
I was working on the brake pedal
The rotors are warped so it's difficult to push the gas peddle. There isn't an immediate response. 
It makes a grinding noise
The left rear window only rolls down but does not start. I'm not sure if it is the third one, and I could not get the emergency brake to disengage. When I try to start it.
When I turn the radio and a/c off, trying to jump start it.
I have to stretch my leg to do it. If I try to stop as quickly as it used to
Have to cycle the ignition button at least twice before my car but it takes a long time to start, and if I push it really far, but I have a keyless start system and when I press on the brake pedal. 
When coming to a stop light, I press on the fuel line, and apparently it came loose while driving. My car makes a grinding noise. It's rather a periodic deep sound when stopping. 
the flux capacitor is misfiring and I don't get it. I turn the key, nothing happens. 
It makes a sputtering noise and doesn't respond when trying to use as little power as possible, and the air coming out of gas.
It is very dangerous
The gas door won't open. I can't open the damn door to my car
Car makes grinding noise too.
Sometimes when I brake, after a few seconds and then down. 
My car makes a sputtering noise and feeling a vibration when I push hard on the brake it works better.
There is a bit harder than I normally would. Maybe the brakes disengage. Then I have a problem with my blinker fluid.
My car does not happen at very high speeds, but generally tolerable at or above 80.
